Push will get a person almost anywhere- except through a door marked “pull.”
The message below is a lie,
The message above is the truth..
If I’m driving you crazy just remember to put on your seat belt.
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
Arguing with a fool proves there are two. – Doris M. Smith
Silence is golden, unless you have kids, then silence is just plain suspicious.
Friends buy you food. Best friends eat your food.
Wise man talk because they have something to say, fools talk because they have to say something.
People are like chocolates some soft centered some hard some are just plane nutty.
If you can’t convince them, confuse them.
People say you can’t live without love…I think Oxygen is more important.
We mature with the damage, not with the years.
I was hoping for a battle of wits, but you appear to be unarmed.
Push will get a person almost anywhere- except through a door marked “pull.”
If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving is not for you.
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life provided I die in the next hour or so.
If you want people to remember you, borrow money from them
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS… unless the words are uttered by Arnab Goswami.
NEVER JUDGE A BOOK MY ITS COVER…unless it's by Chetan Baghat.
AN APPLE A DAY KEEPS DOCTOR AWAY…but if doctor is Manushi Chillar forget the fruit.
KEEP YOUR FRIENDS CLOSE AND YOUR ENEMIES CLOSER…in the backseat of your Rover hands tied and duct tape on their mouth.
BETTER LATE THAN NEVER…is something you should never say to your boss.
GOOD THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT… then why to be an early bird to catch a worm, wake up late get the cake.
ALL GOOD THINGS MUST COME TO AN END… said a guy as an excuse for his breakup.
Push will get a person almost anywhere- except through a door marked “pull.”
If the grass is greener on the other side, you can bet the water bill is higher.
Real Eyes. Realize. Real Lies.
You’ll lose a lot of money, chasing women.
But you’ll never lose women, chasing money.
In our pursuit to find the enemy we come face to face with ourselves.
If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving is not for you.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye!!!!!
The universe contains protons, neutrons, electrons and morons.
An eye for an eye will ultimately, leave the whole world blind.
If I’m driving you crazy just remember to put on your seat belt.
Love is like a rose in the winter, only the strong survive.
You have to be Odd, to be number one.
Don't forget to live before you die.
I hate math, but I love counting money.
Be someone's sunshine, when their skies are gray.
The worst part about being strong is that no one ever asks if you're okay.
The Earth without "Art" is just "Eh".
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
It's not the future that you're afraid of, It's repeating the past that makes you anxious.
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes CLOSED.