"You don't die for your friends. You LIVE for them!" Natsu Dragneel (fairy tail)
"It's not the good byes that hurt. It's the flashbacks that follow." Gray Fullbuster (Fairy Tail)
"The world can't be changed with pretty words alone." Lelouch Vi Brittania (Code geass)
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." L (Death Note)
"Only when one has experienced the coldness of winter can one know the warmth of spring." ~Seiichi Yukimura (prince of tennis)
"If you don't like your destiny, don't accept it. Instead, have the courage
 to change it the way you want it to be!" Naruto (Naruto)
"Those who do not understand true PAIN, can never understand true PEACE." Nagato (Naruto)
"I'll rather trust and regret, than doubt and regret"~Kirito (Sword Art Online)
 Have goals so big that you get uncomfortable telling small minded people.
 No alarm clock needed, my passion wakes me up.
 Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction. Break that habit. Talk about your joys.
 The thing about programming is that there is nothing scarier that program that compiles on first attempt.
 The problem is that people are being hated for being real and loved for being fake.
 Don’t stop when you are tired, stop when you are done.
 Don’t be afraid of being different, be afraid of being like everyone else.
 Take the risk or loose the chance.
 Always do what you are afraid to do.
 You are not here to make others understand you are here to understand yourself.
 Going in one more round when you don’t think you can, that’s what makes all the difference in your life.
 If it was easy everyone would do it.
 Mirror one the wall, I’ll always get up after I fall. And whether I run walk or have to crawl, I’ll set my goals and achieve them all.
 Don’t give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
 The moment you start acting like life is a blessing it starts feeling like one.
 Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to smallest acts. This is secret of success.
 It’s a long road but it’s worth it.
 The biggest disability is a bad attitude.
 Power is like being a gentleman, if you have to tell people you are, you aren’t.
 There is nothing in this world that can trouble you as much as your own thoughts.
 Life is easy when you know how to (identify idiots and ignore them).
 True friends say good things behind your back and bad things at your face.
 Ordinary people have big TVs. Extraordinary people have big libraries.
 Be curious, be badass, not judgmental.
 You are CEO of your life, make executive decisions.
 A high GPA/CPI looks good on paper but skill is what gets you job.
 If you aren’t hungry get around with people who are. If you want to lion, train with lions.
 Formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune.
 Don’t go through life, grow through life.
 Work until expensive becomes cheap.
 You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think.
 Success is best revenge.
 All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
 Every time you find some humor in difficult situation, you win.
 Staying quite doesn’t mean I have nothing to say, it means I don’t think you are ready to accept my thoughts.
 Trust your gut, it knows what your head hasn’t figured out yet.
 Great people talk about ideas. Average people talk about things. Small people talk about other people.
 Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
 Your opinion on yourself becomes your reality.
 Knowing is not enough we must apply. Being willing is not enough we must do.
 Don’t strive to be well known, strive to be worth knowing.
 Stop trying to fit in when you are born to stand out. Make success a habit.
 Yesterday’s SIXES, FOURS, home runs, catches; won’t win you today’s matches.
 ‘I CAN’ is 100 times more important than IQ.
 Never allow waiting to become a habit. Live your dreams life is happening now.
 The less fucks you give the better you live. No one cares if you are a virgin who has been studying all night, smoking cigarettes wearing protection and eating chicken kebabs while counting your 6 digit salary.
 In order to succeed your desire for success should be greater than fear of failure.
 You won’t get much done if you grind only on days you feel good.
 Not everyone will understand your journey. That’s okay. You are here to live your life not to make everyone understand.
 97% of people who quit soon are employed by the 3% that never gave up.
 Confident people see the beauty in others they don’t search for flaws.
 Worrying is like praying for something you don’t want to happen.
 Either you can make million excuses or you can make million dollars.
 You become what you believe. So why not believe that you are amazing.
 Don’t be afraid to fail, be afraid not to try.
 If somebody is taking behind your back that means your life is obviously more interesting than theirs.
 You shouldn’t focus on why you can’t do something, you should focus on why perhaps you can,
 Decide while others delay, begin while others procrastinate. Work while others wish, save while others waste. Persist while others quit, thrive while others sleep.
 The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life wishing you had.
 I know, as your bad time starts, those very people whom you entrusted, start mocking you.
 You feel sad for having failed.
 You feel bad for not being able to achieve what you desired.
 And worse of all, you may even start feeling terribly lonely.
 But that doesn’t matters. What matters is, what will you do when you’re down?
 When life smashes you to the ground with all it’s might?
 When even the last sight of hope starts dying in front of your eyes and the only thing you are surrounded with is darkness?
 "Broken crayons still colour."
 "We mature with the damage and not with years."
 "Even if you are on the right track , you will get run over if you just sit there."
 "No matter how you feel, get up , dress up, show up and never give up." ~Regina Brett
 "Work hard in silence and success make the noise."
 "The only thing I know is this, I am full of wounds and still standing on my feet."~ Nikos Kazantzakis
 "Your best success comes after your greatest disappointment." ~ AR Rehman
 "I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me." ~ Joshua Grahan
 "If you wanna break these walls down, you're going to get bruised."
  Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step of your life.  Tip toe if you must but take the step.
 Believe you can and you’re halfway there. —Theodore Roosevelt
 "If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing it’s stupid.”
 “Logic will get you from A to Z. Imagition get you everywhere.”
 “Anyone who has never made a mistake, has never tried anything new.”
 “If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?”
 “You never fail until you stop trying.”
 “The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.”
