Bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity.
Do it with passion, else why even try?
Don’t confuse having a job with having a life.
Not everything that happens on social media is real.
When money talks, everybody listens.
Never do the same mistake twice, unless he/she is really hot.
You are never too old to be young.
Genius has its limitations, stupidity knows no bounds.
Nothing in life is 100% fair & pure, except a mother’s love for her child.
The best thing about the people who suggest war is that they’ve never fought one in their entire life.
Nothing works until you do.
If you want to keep something secret, then just don’t talk about it.
It’s okay to miss a birthday, anniversary, wedding. It’s not okay to miss a funeral.
Never think of yourself to be irreplaceable. You have no idea how the world functions.
Heroes come & go, legends remain forever.
Don’t long for appreciation, earn it.
If you think your boss doesn’t appreciate your work, try taking a leave.
Never measure a man’s worth by his salary.
Don’t announce before you achieve.
Asking the right questions is more important than answering them.
If you really want it that bad, you’ll find a way.
Never think of yourself as the best, even if you really are.
The best temple is your mother’s feet.
If you’re helping someone with an intention of seeking favor, don’t count it as HELP.
Be proud, not arrogant.
Read as much as you can, all you can.
Before you point fingers, try to be in that person’s shoes.
Treat everyone with respect & you shall be remembered for good.
When an old man dies, a library burns to the ground.
No matter what the economy of the jungle is, a lion never eats grass.
You’re nothing but a piece of flesh. Don’t overestimate yourself.
Take care of your body, it’s the only thing you’ll live in forever.
When time is wrong, even jelly breaks your teeth.
Eating a lot of fruits causes HEALTH.
The best thing about PAIN is that it demands to be felt.
The best teacher is your last MISTAKE.
Better than 1000 days of diligent study, is 1 day with a great teacher.
Don’t look where you fell, look where you slipped.
Your father ain’t an ATM, stop treating him like one.
Thinking is difficult, that’s why most people judge.
You can never SPEAK well if you don’t LISTEN well enough.
If you can’t change something, stop complaining about it.
Respect time, it ain’t coming back!
You can call yourself a sportsman only if you can accept defeat gracefully.
If you want something to be done your way, get that ass moving.
If it’s worth doing, then it’s worth doing well.
If the rhythm of the drumbeats changes, the dance steps must adapt.
Don’t argue with a fool, you’ll never win.
Before you act, THINK.
If you win, say nothing. If you lose, say less.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
No one hits as hard as LIFE.
Beauty may be dangerous, but intelligence is lethal.
Show me your garden, and I shall tell you who you are.
Humility will cost you nothing.
Nothing, absolutely nothing, beats experience.
When you compare 2 entities, you insult both of them.
If you shave off your beard for a girl, you don’t deserve either.
All humans die. I’m not sure whether all of them LIVE.
The easiest thing to find is a MISTAKE in someone else’s work.
If you can take criticism head-on, trust me, you’ve arrived in life.
Not all things in life deserve your attention.
Every boxer has a plan until he gets punched.
Being ALONE & being LONELY are 2 different things.
Just have a little faith